---
title: "Cash"
date: 2020-12-07
---

# First things first

Today I stress-tested the X200. Spent about 2~3 hours doing that in the
background while working. Nothing really serious. The laptop could hold a normal
load with 4 IO operations, 6 VM operations and full load of the 2 cores. No
problems. A bit slow when loadavg hits 20~25 but all in all fine.

## Job

Today had a practical experience with Postman. Good stuff. However, my manager
wants to limit my access to the production environment. I get it. It's risky to
get a noob too close to the working product. Fine. Need to ask about the script.
How it works and how it is implemented. 
The FAQ creation task bothers me. As it is not really a technical task. But
could be done like one. I just need to come up with a work around. Maybe:
export the data as a JSON and use jq and other system tools to wrangle the data.
That could be possible.
I just have to figure it out.
I did work today. Maybe slacked a bit but so does everyone, people say. :+1:

## Dough

I have no idea what I should do once I got my pay-check in ~17 days (yeah I'm
counting lol :lol: ). Let's try to figure out and prioritize the shit.
- [x] Money I absolutely **have to** pay. Like: my phone bill for the last three
  months (which makes it 3x$400 :lol:), then comes the city tax which was due
last month (about $300), last months CC bill + this month's CC bill (if I'm
allowed to pay only the interest it's going to be arount $130 for the two
months). On top of that I need to contact my phone carrier and CC company as I
haven't notified them. Just didn't pay. Awful haha
- [] Pay something to S;
- [x] Pay back to Mx ($100);
- [x] Pay back to C ($300 at least);
- [] Pay some rent (anything between $100~$300);
- [x] Pay back to NC ($303)
- [] Pay back to R;
- [] Pay back to M;

It heavily depends on how much money is at my disposal. Will there be
transportation coverage? Overtime pay? Taxes substracted? And whole bunch of
other stuff.
But total I should **100%** be paying `$1200` + `$300` + `$130` + `$100` +
`$300` + `$303`
Grand total: `~$2300`
Which would leave me with about `$500` left. Fucked up
#### __I need more money__
