---
title: "I want"
date: 2020-12-09
---

## Misc

I want a better internet than what I have now. I get it, last time it was me who
fucked up and managed to get my X200 and the server the same IP address. I just
didn't notice (and that's my fault). But last 24 hours the connection was so
lame. Nothing really loads. I'm happy that it didn't affect my job, but I need
more than that.
Yesterday in my free time I finally customized my old Android 5.0.1 cell-phone.
Even though I haven't rooted it. It's amazing how much customization you can do.
And the phone is so old by today's standards. I own it for 5 years and the model
was released a bit earlier that that. To clarify, as for now Android 10 been
around for almost a year. 
The screen on my phone shuttered as well. But don't have any problem with that.
It's just not very comfortable using such an old phone. It will be another 3-4
months untill I can afford buying a Google Pixel and installing GrapheneOS on
it. I mean it could be earlier than that. Even next month. It really depends on
how soon I pay off my loans.

## Job

Today my manager was saying that we don't have enough people in the team to work
on development of some features. I shall offer help tomorrow. I'm not a
developer with a ton experience but I know my stuff. Maybe I could help a bit to
C with Java and NodeJS as I'm familiar with the languages. And to be honest, I
don't really want to learn C#. Might have to, though. As well as PowerShell,
KQL, Azure Cloud. Microsoft products, ugh.

## Money management

So if I pay everything as I was calculating the day before, I will be left with
$400-$500 left (at best) but also with $300 on my mobile that I can use to buy
food and shit. Which is doable and I could stretch it for a month on a tight
budget. There is a thing, though. I need to pay at least a month of my rent (for
November) otherwise I risk to overstay my welcome. Which will happen anyways if
I stay here for another 6 months. But in this particular case it better later
or never at all.
I probably will be late on paying on of the phone bills (stretch it for one
month) so I can pay some of my rent. This should be a good way to manage the
money. I hope.

### P.s.

- So there is my chance to move up to be a developer. I will jump at it tomorrow.
Let's see what my manager says.
- What the heck is going on with the chick? She didn't message me today at all.
  I get it: people get busy and stressed, sometimes we don't feel like talking
with anyone. Happens. However, relationships come with duties and obligations.
If you are in one you should put some effort into it and drop a message even if
you don't feel like it. Whatever.
- Do I moeing with a girl or by myself? As of now, I feel like living buy
  myself. Alone in a nice appartment. But if it's two people life is much
easier. But the chick is not messaging me.
- I need to get some money somewhere to buy food and stuff. Borrow from S, I
  guess. So fucking tired of it. I'm sure he's not that happy that I ask him all
the time as well. But he's so nice to me. Really appreciate it.
- Gonna try to work GNU Stow out tonight. Going to sleep soon, though.
- I didn't shave for 3 weeks. It looks fucking weird. But: a) I don't want to
  shave b) I wear a mask all the time I'm outside. Therefore it's a good chance
for me to get a better beard by not shaving it at all for a few months. I want a
new shaver as well.
- I want to get a hair-cut. Probably will go to the barber shop in Saitama.
  Can't afford going to Ginza for a while now.
- Also, want to go to a dentist. And a skin doctor. That seems do-able. But we
  will see. I may start going to basketball from next year again. That's good
but takes a bit a money (arount $30-$50 x 4 times a month). I want to get a book
on C programming. Here's another $20 of expence.

Alright. Gotta finish for today.
To put it simple. I need more money.  
