---
Title: "Girls,girls,girls"
Date: 2020-12-16
---

# Girls

It's not like I'm obsessed with girls and sex. Well, in a way I am. Because afer
all I'm a man. And the second point here is where I live. I live in the country
with the most beatiful women in the entire fucking world.
Of course, after a while here you start to deffirentiate a bit and see what
faces are concidered to be beautiful and what are meh. So many expats ended up
with less than average looking girls. Either, there are satisfied with what
they've got. Or they have low self-esteem and don't hope to get anything
better.

# My girl

For almost three years living in here, I was dating seriously only once. Just
for about 3 months. And it was fucking awful. Just for the reason, the girl
wasn't too much of a right match for me. But she was fun. I just shouldn't have
taken the relation ship too seriously. Kinda played arount for a bit.
Now it's been a couple months since I've been seeing this other girl. We plan to
go away for the winter holidays this year. 
She is smart and very nice to me. Very supportive and in bed I can do what ever
I what to her.
Nontheless, I don't know how I feel about being in a relationship. 
Of course, no man ever with a variety of choice would ever give up his freedom
volontierly. Fuck no.
BUT. If you think about it being in a relationship has all sorts of benefits. 

Honestly, I just want to go the whole 9 yards and write how I prefer the hot
girls only. And how they are __probably__ high maintenance. 
But:
- I have no fucking idea if they are high maitenance. (although, having some
  money helps, as with everything in life)
- Not necessarely super hot. It just helps if a girl is hot as well. On top of
  having nice personality. Generally speaking it's more about passing min
requirements/personal standards.

But yeah I want to be single and play around. But maybe I should get into a
relationship for now.

I want to write more and speak my mind. But now I'm concious about doing so as
it is a public blog and god forbid someone reads something I wrote here lol
Probably, I shouldn't care, though.
