---
Title:"Times"
date: 2020-12-23
---

# Problem?

The chick went to see her colleagues last night and didn't send me a good night
message. Which by it self not really a problem, but could be a sign. Like, can I
trust her after that? Maybe it's too much? She said that she was tired last
night and fell asleep. Which does sound like a bull shit. Knowing her routine
and how much time it takes to prepere for her before going to bed. Taking a
bath, changing to clothes which are going to bed only clothes, and I'm not
mentioning stuff like drying hair and putting a shit ton of stuff on the face
before going to sleep like all girls do.
At the same time, doing all that could tire you out and then you forget to send
a message.
But anyways, strange situation. Makes me question "was tired and fell asleep".
If so and you just forgot to reply, then ok. But why would you go through
yesterday's messages and comment on them, unless you skmmed on them the day
before because. Well just because. Or am I exaggerating? Probably the latter.
Really there is no reason for any drama. Even if we talk about the relationship,
it is still a very early stage. And even if there is something to worry best I
can do is just to note it and wait to see a pattern or something.
With that being said, the plan should be:
-Fist time to note.
-Second time to inquire and talk it through if needed.
-Third time...there shouldn't be a third time.

# Comming up

Yeah, it's about 24 hours until I get my first earned money in 3 months. Crazy. I
survived 3 months on money I got from: selling my iphone and macbook, borrowing
from multiple friends and a girl a barely know, courtesy of my good friend who
let me stay at his place. Tough times. But very valuable experience. I hope a
learnt a lesson or two. It's funny (not really, though) how one thing happened
right after the other. I mean I was in a tough situation this spring. Probably
should have saved a bit of money from the paychecks I was getting. If I really
could, it would probably have been $500-$800 I guess. Which is a solid amount
when you don't have any money at all. I spent the money I some shit and I knew
that the chinese company will screw me over sooner or later. So it's completely
my fault. 
Man I will be so happy to get any money. Soon. Very soon. Friday morning they
should be on my account.

# P/s

Is it the dream about losing legs? That the chick cheated on me and I'm losing
some foundation? That could be. We will find out soon. I've complained many
times about this situation. It's getting weird. May be? We will see. As for now,
I just need more money.
