---
title: "I like"
date: 2020-12-13
---

# I like

I like tinkering with my X200 and setting up Linux to my liking. Amazing things
can be done with it in terms of personalization and optimization. Very fun and
cool. Much better than MacOS or fucking Windows. (So easy to slip into the rant
about how much I hate Windows.) I can customize pretty much anything. So much to
learn. 
And now here is the question. Shoudl I spent that much time on it today when I
have other tasks piling up. (I mean mostly for my work). Obviously, learning
Linux is a great thing. There are so many things you can do with it. 
As for now, seems I have reached the point when my set up is more or less
workable. I just need to add a few things and utilities. Like, I need my Chome
with the Line add-on installed in a Docker container so I don't check my phone
everytime I'm working on the X200.
After all, my set-up should serve me to do stuff. Like programming and writing
scripts. Scripts are already do-able. Programming-wise, I want to practice C and
Assembly and shit to Tensorflow using C. Sounds fun. Explore some ML and Neural
Networks. Cool stuff. 

# The Machine

While I have done some fixes to the X200, I still have some doubts about its
reliability. As such I'm being causious while using it. Just a few monents ago I
was watching a youtube video directly from the website. The video glitched a
bit. Codes may be the issue here. Nevertheless, I got on the fense and was
thinking of another kernel panic. 
I have updated the drivers for the video card and installed the dwm window
manager. It's freaking awesome. The look and feel is just amazing. Still more to
do though. But the basic stuff is covered now. Dotfiles are synced. Will try to
improve the system more. Learn more of Vi as it is useful. 

# eof

I wanted to write something else here. But don't remember what exactly. Anyway,
it's already late and I'm going to sleep. Gotta check the kernel logs next time
I start the machine haha
