---
title: hardware
date: 2020-12-06
---

# X200

Something strange is going on with my X200. Like, a few days ago when I was
testing Newsboat and loaded some HQ youtube video it just hung and freezed. It
happened once before, but I don't remember why. So I let it slide. However,
today it happened again. What the hell?? I was just using some terminal
applications(newsboat, rtv, irssi, neomutt, protonmail-bridge, offlineimap,
neomutt, telegram-cli), my browser was running with a few active tabs, music
from the terminal and that's about it. Does't look like a heavy load. 
 I hope it's not something serious and I could fix it somehow soon. 
I did ask on irssi's parabola channel and some guy gave some good advice. I just
need to get around and get it actually done. Again, vicious circle: I have to
many things to do. But the hardware shit comes first, that's why I need set the
priorities. It makes no sence to learn how to use tmux on advanced level if I
haven't finished any of my work tasks lol But in this particular case outside of
work, fixing the laptop first is a reasonable thing to do as I wouldn't be able
to use it peacefully without being stressed that it will hang on me and freeze
any moment.
 Honestly, I don't get what was the problem with. At the same time, for some
reason I kinda expected it. Last night, I had a dream that my X200 got broken
haha But a good thing that I have CF-SX1 with OpenBSD installed on it...

### OpenBSD

I'm very much interested in OpenBSD. I just need to complete setting up my
Panasonic. The touchpad problem bothers me. But all in all, I just need to
complete working with GNU Stow and put all the dotfiles on my github, so I can
manage my workflow across different machines.

### X200

My all time favourite is my X200. I love it. Need to fix it though. I love
GNU/Linux Parabola as it is a very nice distro. I hope that the problem is not
with Parabola itself. Although, if it is not than it is with my hardware lol
Fucked up. I put a new CPU fan and SSD. The only thing which was used is RAM.
And it might be that the problem is with it. Hell nooooo
Hope everything will be fine.
 
